Privacy Notice provided pursuant to Articles 13–14 of the GDPR 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation)

Dear Madam/Sir
Pursuant to Article 13 of EU Regulation 2016/679 and in relation to the information we will collect, for the purpose of
protecting individuals and other entities with regard to the processing of personal data, we hereby inform you of the following:
1. The data you provide will be used for the purpose of PROCESSING AN ORDER
2. The data you provide will be processed solely for the COMPILATION OF DOCUMENTS TO PROCESS AN ORDER
3. The provision of data for the purposes referred to in point 1 is MANDATORY AS IT IS NECESSARY TO PROCESS AN ORDER
4. The data provided WILL NOT BE DISCLOSED BUT WILL BE USED SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSE OF FULFILLING AN ORDER
5. The data controller is LUCA PATTARO, Sole Director of Siena Wine Srl.
6. At any time, you may exercise, pursuant to Articles 15 through 22 of EU Regulation No. 2016/679, the right to:
a) request confirmation of the existence or otherwise of your personal data;
b) obtain information regarding the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data, the recipients or categories of
recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, and, where possible, the retention period;
c) obtain the rectification and erasure of the data;
d) obtain the restriction of processing;
e) to obtain data portability, that is, to receive data from a data controller in a structured, commonly used, and
machine-readable format, and to transmit such data to another data controller without hindrance;
f) to object to processing at any time, including in the case of processing for direct marketing purposes;
g) to object to automated decision-making concerning natural persons, including profiling.
h) request from the data controller access to personal data and the rectification or erasure of such data or the restriction
of processing concerning the data subject or to object to their processing, in addition to the right to data portability;
i) withdraw consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent given
prior to withdrawal;
j) lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.

You may exercise your rights by sending a written request via email to shop@ilciliegio.com
I, the undersigned, declare that I have received and accept the above privacy notice.
If you do not accept, please do not fill out the form and do not proceed with the order.